---
layout: post
title: Energy Basics!
subtitle: Delve into Distributed Energy Resources.
author: Jacob
# categories: jekyll
banner:
  video: "/assets/videos/banner/vid.mp4"
  loop: true
  volume: 0.8
  start_at: 8.5
  image: "/assets/images/banners/banner.jpg"
  opacity: 0.618
  background: "#000"
  height: "100vh"
  min_height: "38vh"
  heading_style: "font-size: 4.25em; font-weight: bold; text-decoration: underline"
  subheading_style: "color: gold"
# tags: jekyll theme yat
top: 1
sidebar: []
---

There are two types of energy sources: nonrenewable, which uses limited resources, and renewable, which is easily renewed. Discover the benefits of using renewable energy sources and how to make better use of nonrenewable ones.

**a) Microgrids in General:**
 A collection of localized sources and loads, known as a microgrid, can function independently as a stand-alone system in addition to being connected to and operating in synchrony with the traditional centralized electrical grid. They can effectively integrate renewable energy sources and remain robust during blackouts because to their autonomy.
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/6Bh6MXHqL7k?si=0EGF9_WQH0bO9iOd" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
<br><br>
**b) Solar Photovoltaics:**
Solar energy is converted into electrical energy using PV materials and equipment. A PV device is referred to as a cell. A single photovoltaic cell is normally tiny, with a power output of only one or two watts. Cells are encased in a combination of glass and/or plastics to provide protection from the elements for an extended period of time. PV cells are linked in chains to create bigger units called modules or panels, which increase the power output of the individual cells. Modules can be used singly or in combinations to create arrays. The PV system as a whole is subsequently completed by connecting one or more arrays to the power grid. 
PV systems may be constructed to virtually any size of electric power requirement because of their modular design.
All of a PV system's components are PV modules and arrays. Installing frameworks for the solar-powered panels and the parts that transform the direct-current (DC) electricity generated by the modules into the alternating-current (AC) electricity needed to run all the appliances in your house are also included in panels' systems. 

<br><br>

